[Scene 1] A group of people are singing and dancing along with the music in a crowded street.
[Scene 2] A young man with a black t-shirt is holding a potato and showing it to the camera.
[Scene 3] There is a crowd of people gathered in a large open space, they are all cheering and waving their hands in the air.
[Scene 4] A large group of people are gathered in front of a city building, raising their hands in the air and cheering.
[Scene 5] A man smiling in front of a display of potatoes.
[Scene 6] A bunch of different fruits and vegetables laid out on the grass.
[Scene 7] A group of people that are singing and playing instruments.
[Scene 8] A man is standing in front of a large crowd of people.
[Scene 9] A group of women standing in a kitchen holding food.
[Scene 10] A group of people sitting at a table with plates of food.
[Scene 11] A man holding a potato in front of a crowd.
[Scene 12] It is a large group of people gathered in a public place, some of them holding up their hands in the air, while others are clapping and cheering.
[Scene 13] A man holds a papaya and a pineapple in his hands and the words "peru's fruit language" are visible on the wall behind him.
[Scene 14] The man is holding a papaya and a pineapple in his hands and he is wearing a black t-shirt.
[Scene 15] There are several people standing around a papaya, and one of them is holding it up for others to see.
[Scene 16] The woman is eating a sugary dessert while the man is looking at her.
[Scene 17] A person is holding a pineapple fruit in a park.
[Scene 18] A young man is holding a papaya in his hand while standing in a park.
[Scene 19] There is a large group of people gathered in a public place, raising their hands in the air and cheering.
[Scene 20] A man standing next to a cross with a smile on his face.
[Scene 21] A man in a black t-shirt standing in front of a grave.
[Scene 22] A bunch of colorful houses sitting on top of a hill.
[Scene 23] An aerial view of a city in south america.
[Scene 24] There is a man standing in front of a cemetery with a grave in the foreground.
[Scene 25] An aerial view of a city with a lot of buildings.
[Scene 26] A woman hugging an older man in a crowd.
[Scene 27] A man hugging a woman in front of a crowd of people.
[Scene 28] It is a cemetery with many small houses and buildings on top of the graves.
[Scene 29] A group of men standing around with their arms in the air.
[Scene 30] There are many small houses on a hillside surrounded by mountains in a village.
[Scene 31] The woman is holding a guinea pig in her hands, and the guinea pig is looking at the camera.
[Scene 32] A group of people posing for a picture in a field.
[Scene 33] A woman takes the waste of 1,000 guinea pigs and puts it underground.
[Scene 34] A man and woman wearing hats and holding a bottle of caca cola.
[Scene 35] An aerial view of a corn field with trees in the background.
[Scene 36] The elderly man and woman wear straw hats and are standing in front of a tree in a garden.
[Scene 37] A man with a black shirt and a smile on his face.
[Scene 38] The elderly man and woman are standing together for a picture while wearing traditional hats.
[Scene 39] The man is standing in front of a waterfall and pointing at something in the distance.
[Scene 40] A man is standing in front of a river in the amazon rainforest, with steam coming from the river.
[Scene 41] An aerial view of a jungle with a river running through it.
[Scene 42] There is a hot spring in a tropical forest with a lot of water and steam coming out of the hot spring.
[Scene 43] A young man is standing in a volcanic area and talking to the camera, with smoke and steam coming from the background.
[Scene 44] A man in a black shirt standing next to a river.
[Scene 45] There are three friends standing next to a waterfall in the jungle with the camera moving up and away from them showing the surrounding nature.
[Scene 46] A person in a boat splashing water on their hand.
[Scene 47] There is a man and a woman sitting on the edge of a river in a hot spring, the water is very hot and they are enjoying it.
[Scene 48] A boy in a suit with cash in his hands against a blue background.
[Scene 49] A man and a boy sitting next to a wooden wall.
[Scene 50] A young boy wearing a suit and tie smiles for the camera.
[Scene 51] A cute asian boy is sitting in front of a computer and is looking at the camera with a smile.
[Scene 52] A man in a suit standing in an office with books and folders.
[Scene 53] A group of men posing for a picture.
[Scene 54] A person is sorting plastic bags into different piles in a room.
[Scene 55] A young boy sitting at a desk looking at a piece of paper.
[Scene 56] A young man and a young boy are sitting on a bench and smiling for a picture.
[Scene 57] A young boy holding a folder in front of a filing cabinet.
[Scene 58] A young man is sitting on a bench with a little boy.
[Scene 59] There is a man standing on a small boat in a murky water.
[Scene 60] Two men standing next to each other in the grass.
[Scene 61] The men are standing in a garden, one of them wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a red shirt.
[Scene 62] An aerial view of a lake surrounded by a city.
[Scene 63] A man in a hat is holding a glass of liquid.
[Scene 64] Two beakers filled with liquid on a table.
[Scene 65] A man is eating a pink dessert that is 100% organic.
[Scene 66] Two beakers filled with different liquids side by side.
[Scene 67] A man wearing a hat and glasses next to two beakers.
[Scene 68] A picture of a lake with mountains in the background.
[Scene 69] A person laying on a dock next to a body of water.
[Scene 70] The man is wearing a black hat and sunglasses, sitting in front of a pink flower garden.
[Scene 71] A hand pointing at a map of south america.
[Scene 72] The people in the video are standing in a group, smiling and posing for a photo.
[Scene 73] A man sitting at a table with a microphone in front of him.
[Scene 74] The person is talking about how making videos has given him a voice and how he can reach millions of people through his videos.
[Scene 75] A man holding a camera in front of a laptop.
[Scene 76] The speaker is looking at the camera and smiling, with background of a black tshirt and a table.
[Scene 77] The person is standing in front of a large group of people who are all smiling and raising their hands in the air.
[Scene 78] The speaker is giving advice on making videos, and he emphasizes the importance of finding one's voice in today's world.
[Scene 79] A woman in black is taking pictures of a building with a camera.
[Scene 80] The people are wearing black t-shirts and they are standing on a rooftop and they are giving a high five to each other.
[Scene 81] A man sitting at a table with a microphone in front of him.
[Scene 82] A man with a black shirt is sitting at a table and talking to the camera.
[Scene 83] The person sitting at the table is wearing a black t-shirt and talking to the camera.